Dedicated executor docs (#171)
react-native-community/async-storage: docs/advanced/CustomExecutor.md

# Custom Thread Executor

Android only feature

## Motivation

> By default, Async Storage is executed in a background thread, using Thread Executor provided by `AsyncTask` utility. Being a singleton, it puts a task that has to be executed in a queue, while waiting for a free thread (from its fixed-size pool) to use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Async Storage is executed in a background thread, using Thread Executor provided by `AsyncTask` utility. Executor is a singleton queuing a task that has to be executed, while waiting for a free thread (from its fixed-size pool) to use. 
```

> For apps (or libraries) that use said executor in more than one place, this increases the possibility of awaiting for a free thread. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For apps or libraries that use said executor in more than one place, e.g. "brownfield" apps, such scenario increases the possibility of a thread starvation, slowing down the app. By turning on a "custom executor", AsyncStorage will be instantiated with a dedicated thread executor with its own thread pool, lowering the chance of starvation.
```

> If you noticed a delay in accessing your storage, this flag might help you - it allows you to use a dedicated executor for a Async Storage.   

Reviewer: Remove
```suggestion
```
